OK. Go down to the branch,
Let each department organize the preparation work.
Let's hear what people plan to do when.
that's all. This is not a force for competition.
Wind. Going up or not?
So handsome. He is a worthy successor to society.
Then the whole company belongs to him.
Gee that’s talent. Where did the person who had been begging for two years disappear?
So in which week did you want this kind of man when we met?
Then who will speak again? hey-hey.
The latest news is that the eldest young master wants to get married at a young age.
How is this possible? I didn’t know it was his first day at the company.
OK or not. Now it seems like the wife of a member of the hospital is sending her children to the hospital.
Since the young lady is too close,
When talking about food in the company, you may not necessarily eat well.
The young lady gave me a meal for the eldest young master.
I'm trying to get started with future generations.
This crime must be punished